# PokemonRPG
First side project after learning the fundamentals of Java

With Pokemon being the core of my childhood, I decided to create my first side-project revolving around Pokemons. It is a simple RPG where you will be prompted to create your character before being able to catch them all. The wild Pokemons are all first generation Pokemons that are inserted into this "world" through a text file. The "world" itself is also created via a text file that contains various rooms that the player can go through. Pokemons are caught with Pokeballs and depending on the type of ball, it will affect the chances of that Pokemon being caught. Pokemons can also have a chance to run away as well if they are not caught by the Pokeball. The Pokemons are removed from the wild and added to your Pokedex, which you can then view for more details.  Pokeballs are consumables and must be repurchased at a Pokestop. Luckily, there is no such that as monetary transactions so you can buy however much the Pokestore inventory contains to replenish your Pokeballs. 

If I have the time to go back and fix this project, I would refactor the codes to remove any tight coupling that I unintentally created and keep a consistent format throughout. I would also allow the Pokestore to restock after a certain amount of time instead of having a fixed inventory. Another thing I would like to change is how the Pokemon details are inserted into the game. I would restructure the way it is written to how I wrote the text file for the rooms so that the Pokemon description can fit into the console instead of just being one long continuous line. Further enhancement could include expanding the map, allowing Pokemon fights, and allowing the characters to create and hold onto items. 
